Feat/rainbowkit canary migration [NO MERGE] (#756)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/advanced/migration-from-v1.x/dapps/dapps.mdx

9. [web3-react](#web3-react)
10. [ConnectKit](#connectkit)
11. [wagmi](#wagmi)

> 12. [rainbowkit](#rainbowkit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. [RainbowKit](#rainbowkit)
```

wagmi `1.x.x` introduces several breaking changes due to the migration from `ethers` to `viem`.
For a version-specific upgrade, refer to:

- [official migration guide](https://wagmi.sh/react/migration-guide) for wagmi
- [ethers.js -> viem migration guide](https://wagmi.sh/react/migration-guide) for viem.

> ### rainbowkit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### RainbowKit
```

:::danger Danger Zone

Since this is a canary release, we **DO NOT** recommend using it in production. However, you should test it out in your staging environment to ensure you can migrate smoothly once the official release is out.

> Before migrating to the canary release, test out your favorite wallet with the example dApp from Rainbow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before migrating to the canary release, test out your favorite wallet with the example dapp from Rainbow:
```

- [RainbowKit Example](https://rainbowkit-example-git-daniel-wc-v2-staging-rainbowdotme.vercel.app/)

Alternatively, you can test out the codesandbox embed included in the next section.

This section will be updated once the official release is out.
:::

<iframe
  width="800"
  height="450"
  style={{
    width: '100%',
    height: '40rem',
    border: 'solid 2px #aaaaaa5youa',
    borderRadius: '0.4rem',
    marginBottom: '1rem'
  }}
  src="https://codesandbox.io/p/sandbox/tender-farrell-qsptrx?embed=1"
  allowfullscreen
></iframe>

> To migrate to WalletConnect V2 with rainbowkit, you need to upgrade `@rainbow-me/rainbowkit` to `1.0.2-canary.1` or above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To migrate to WalletConnect V2 with RainbowKit, you need to upgrade `@rainbow-me/rainbowkit` to `1.0.2-canary.1` or above
```

:::caution

WalletConnect V2 is only supported in `@rainbow-me/rainbowkit` version `1.0.2-canary.1` and above.

> Since this is a canary release, you will need to upgrade to `1.0.2` once it is released. You can track the progress of the release [here](https://github.com/rainbow-me/rainbowkit/pull/1272)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since this is a canary release, you will need to upgrade to `1.0.2` once it is released. You can track the progress of the release [here.](https://github.com/rainbow-me/rainbowkit/pull/1272)
```

:::

> #### Pre-requisites for migrating to rainbowkit `1.0.2-canary.1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Pre-requisites for migrating to RainbowKit `1.0.2-canary.1`
```

> Upgrade `wagmi` to the latest version along with viem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrade `wagmi` and `viem` to the latest version.
```

Upgrade `@rainbow-me/rainbowkit` to version `1.0.2-canary.1` or above.

```bash
yarn add @rainbow-me/rainbowkit@1.0.2-canary.1 wagmi@latest viem
```

:::info

> If you're relying on the [Authentication](https://www.rainbowkit.com/docs/authentication) api, `siwe` still uses `ethers` and you will need to install it separately, considering you don't have it installed already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're relying on the [Authentication](https://www.rainbowkit.com/docs/authentication) API, `siwe` still uses `ethers` and you will need to install it separately, considering you don't have it installed already.
```

```bash
yarn add ethers
```

Upgrading to `v1.x.x` requires you to carry out additional steps during migration.
You can find the full set of instructions here:

> - [official migration guide](https://www.rainbowkit.com/docs/migration-guide#1xx-breaking-changes) for RainbowKit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Official Migration Guide](https://www.rainbowkit.com/docs/migration-guide#1xx-breaking-changes) for RainbowKit
```

:::

WalletConnect v2 requires a project ID to be set and included in the configuration.
You can get a `projectID` from [WalletConnect Cloud](https://cloud.walletconnect.com/) for free.

Create a new environment variable `WALLETCONNECT_PROJECT_ID` in your `.env` file and set it to your project ID.

> #### Upgrading to rainbowkit `1.0.2-canary.1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Upgrading to RainbowKit `1.0.2-canary.1`
```
